Warn for CRS inaccuracies (#6831)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/introduction/general_tools.rst

  close this project. To avoid data loss and make the layer permanent, click
  the icon to store the layer in any of the OGR vector formats supported by QGIS.
* |indicatorNoCRS| to identify a layer that has no/unknown CRS

> * |indicatorLowAccuracy| for layers with crs inaccuracies (requires the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* |indicatorLowAccuracy| for layers with coordinates stored in a coordinate reference system which is inherently low accuracy (requires the
```
